Add missing meta descriptions (#488)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/distinct.txt

Retrieve Distinct Values of a Field
===================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Retrieve distinct values of a field in a collection using the `Distinct()` method in Go, demonstrated with a `movies` collection example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Retrieve distinct values of a field in a collection using the distinct() method in the MongoDB Go Driver.
```
